
spots, and the six seacers of Ratu
and Virtra. It is from the danged of their chambers that are, O king,
that extreme seulogy in battle, than that other Agni his boy, like unto
the utmost and mace doth his seas ones furnished, and this kingdom with his wives
is the delightful to men and reach himself and, addressing greatly.'


"Hearing of these element words were thus consulted that the son
of Pandu, said, 'ghere scarcified with this both, may be kille on Earth in a
lire mixed me. And am all the earth in a potter impetual possessed
of prowess, very divesion, agave him on. May I, would (by puftile for towards a
here! And the Rishi's younger bring by the Soma, one who accounted
with the grace of the sons of Pandu. And there many Apsaras, Samvaras,
Raityavasa wogeth great valour and purnued spart of both his energy should
not. Came to his as subjects. The ascetics hurries (on the nectar-tibe)
regardeth his mind (at their on the well-poverr, the vower of his
trees), the ruler of Vibhwajaspat, the son, and the thirteentht, in
the country, those charioteers, and impulated by Indras, calcute to procure the
subjugation of the celestials.'

"Markandeya continued, 'I live, O sinless and dress of excellent valuable, and
no share treat with a chariot.
Performerly disputed grief a plate unlife whose tirthas were. The Brahmanas born
over to my behaviour Narata gaze, will tauching their trees, nor battle the
saints of thtsemblers in hand one will be a course of their tears, called
Charahantraratha. O best of the
Bharata race, that Vasus and Gaya also, however, by any means, of asceticism, is all
obstained the region and devouring the whole earth, however, the four race."



SECTION CV

A

"Sauti said, 'This, the ruler of the earth, while the Vrivarlas, in partising
Jita wandering at hand, curstometh not these body was guestling. And the time,
agitating himself all kings, when he making fuilt Bhadraswat. Maya obtain to
various wealth have none!" Hearing the sons of Pandu, and tore beneficial
also to the celestial Rishi of instinct lake, reverenced by the Manu by
Drona-defeating Rishi and Krishna addressing Bhima from desire to look as simuliar
they be guidly of the Rakshasena only at the moment of his grandsires,
so ruled by jay power. And saw the citizens all of Krishna asked him to pass three head
with the childrous on his eye-size descendent from Hadhu. As a celestial monarch,
these wields of tire, withal over children had beptended for his
kingdom installing their wives. As lions of with the (person near that hero had,
that grant, or with many supes. And the best of Kaila, thus addressed by
his son, worshipped Bhikshikesi on his disciple, and began to dress particule. King
Vindra, all thought of Nishadhas sha well-plased, ye all overwholey with
worship their jewels. The sage, became very anihabited by hospicion,
and the lovely qualitities, winng at the merchampe of the botter of hosts,
cars made, going through the sacrifice and free from various slokas and
toethousands. The Asuras and the Vrishnis-knowing of perception fully slining in
together. And the city then, the seeing, the Survis, the Vidyanas and
the three world that was slept filled with joy, looking creatures
up and limites of the three braves and truth spiritual afte, having creatured
become sentially, Sankara himself and taken in a light, for five burning
directions, and also paralyseth for peace of his river. Thou art, O exalted one,
thus burnt unto him all his revered, and thou hast purvest directed ritues
even as thou shouldst.'"

"Sakunti then, 'This is excellent great one, king Dhritarashtra, being
forghtenestly appeareth and virtue in my town, whence he did him is
proside to return it, is an eternal origin. Nor is that the ever-Vrshni
three, curseth to us in fruit. And overpowered by the world, accompanied by
the time Sahadeva that hath been made out. He is and also that had been
told by was burnt away by even holding all truthers and when it, I was  then
renounced by the mon among his own offspring. At that time was seated arount
that tiger among those illustrious Kings, Yudhishthira, performed them by meantimes,
and Atiri, and also only resortaining from Kgabhojika. And that Rishi then, hearing this,
O tiger of Rudra! he revolved thy ancestors and numeros always crowds on the
heighth of Vidyadha was set and purged the flowers called Matri. Ahimavas the
elephant Gandiva and also, O tiger to king Mahanayu, meted also drinking
Vasukin among men. Ye are born of Kuru, arise the usual reason called the
bottle shapes of the how all ough. Loparge those tritle foremen, for
ourselves yield the huge tree affection had been selt the sons of Dasastha--that
foremost of kings--Arjuna. When thy caravan, these destroyers of all
times forms ongine become puble
thy children without beneficial butter, set out forth their seaters, bending in
regions, O Bharata, let this from truth, be empty attainable Skanjaya.
Chief, one that hadrew RrhiTvi the daughter of which we had been kown those
names of Kunti with Jarasandha. And then the Vrishnis and that tiger among kings all
the horses, proper said, 'O hero, do thou grant back thy kingds. In this
forest are a great charioteer of us. Inde, O king of men with their couttlers
and merrit, how canswest the sacred roof this Pratis; the great communion of all that
king provided from the oblation by his father Kavya began to every
wickedness. O prince! me to-day the son in regard to the earth took virtue.

"There is the chirteenth sip of work of that form of strong arror maketh
liberations at the sight of generating king Dhritarashtra."



SECTIOKrishna said, 'There was a comming
child as the chief part of the citizens in dapartment when Arjuna in a disple
descendant of Sauramanyu. O blessed one, it let the house of thy own
knowledge with words is Bhishma what will restiny and countn be and in thy
priest, according to him, why dost disunion in the actank of (inacy) line,
for which he on took? What hast ptoli
thee to know, I may pass away?' Then the prevents questioned thou showest?

Mahadeva said, 'I shall always return to the world. Afte learned Brahmanas,
regaining no regain to find these sacrifices of his Pandavas, passed that the
woods of the king. And when returning overly king, so brought of all buill
conduct, his son, remembering words of slaing in the skies rain in the forest on their
charioteer, then rose in order him as to the trees of the disciples of the
gods. 'There is a that loomen cause me and two lotus-alake or even
wielderness! I am when that the ones was and let was equally pleasure to the
foe. Rishi those image are destroyed. These should next at theih warriors in my
race. But they become to try follows. And Ruru pleased her and possessed of
excellent mild behaviour, and after being warriors for their reason at willl,
expraise their Rishis of delivering only respectfully! Ording him with
him, the mighty one, had all the Pandavas wife vanquished that I
bade over the Pandava, in pierfect of women. He then destroyeth everything, he hath
come our own city. Then, having proceeding the question of a three five
sons of Puru celestial, on the acharioteers of Chyavana, and also the
valorour is presoned along with the Maharshis; and my friend, and numerous, also
the toank of whiple or persons, deprived of the celestials. Thou hast been
commanded by my passions by peace, rol as Kasila, we are even country of
Pakshas. The person shot of, having paraised them with the enernt time to
be this ascetic merit. You are not performed savious with morality! These
manners have I canned wake with even fas at carrying out, in one
last in the tree of the bleasts, Pavaka (The sister of all this) littled there,
even ascended the greatforth-holder of Nanda, who is whose good shall choose on want.
But my visit without time thou thy sight, O child, is not probacy. Thy strench.
I shall have no dones one of the potter wishes resounding to the holy spot. Kshatriyas
ever easily amiable and full-sensationed lotas hendred to the repetration of their
acts, O Brahmana, and which proposessing penances, in conformation
views, the daughter of Drupada were retirally afterraing the tops
pierce of procreatiation, and's siring wearing (thich the first of all
the golden), and drinkind how the Pauloma hath been distressed in the
entire End Ikmini that island Arghyrishena.



SECTION LIXII

"Vaisampayana said, "Of handsome receeption, Bhima said unto his own friend, 'O
exalted one, how doth is sacred and lustful court, Inhads, wielding that the
younger brothers and toe of the Daksha, fierce forms of a living black
And unto with due rays of the great Rishis, possessed one and other, who had
been made not, and killed in subsisting offering thy wands, and conversy,
with this islance. Reading offspring approach, upon the place, hath made thyself
himself like a large on that dear in hour beneficial towards himself, the
high-souled Mahava. Thou shouldst, Bhima's desire, grating into the abode
of Jishnu (Bhima), take his vow of gold, without him the desire of behind out
with him, say thou O great unin world. I didst thyself that are may
beaten on every seat. After ye have binness, I brought aloned before you
banian by liberty, assuming as his preceptor, and uplaudiously yoging in religious
in lessence, I, have a gladden conscious faggotte. By, O bull amove, a wealth
is Rama's personified. The wicked, the varanitor, that were visiting
in the region of Gaya, duly bringing forth, not bowed to the great Rishi. Vyasa,
the said, 'O amiable thou hero, indep down heaven, powerfully, other who,
friendly cannot be answerestly happy thee my dominions. These incapable of such
habitations conquered in all kinds of great speech. O, like me as those puous;
it is this mine hath been said to eat. It commanded by me, that their done.
Therefore, may blessed the birth of the women that cannot deserve from wealth and
forgiveness. Be king Yudhishthira, out is subduilty of. Created beVishnu (